Crickets on the hearth have been a sign of good household luck for thousands of years. This belief could stem from prehistoric times, when a cricket's chirp provided a kind of companionship. In China and other Asian countries, crickets are seen as watchdogs: At any sign of danger, the chirping will stop. In the Far East as well as across Europe, it is considered very bad luck to kill a cricket, even by accident. Almost every Native American tribe believed that crickets bring good luck and that imitating its chirp was disrespectful. Images of crickets appear on charms and amulets, particularly those intended to ward off the "Evil Eye," in ancient Middle Eastern and European cultures.
Ladybugs are considered harbingers of good luck and prosperity. A ladybug is said to have the power to free one of day-to-day problems. Wearing a ladybug amulet or having a live one land on you will brighten your day, give you patience with those around you, and most importantly, lessen your burdens. If a ladybug lands on you when you are ill, it will take the illness away. If a ladybug lands on your hand and then flies away, it is said that there will be good weather on the following Sunday. Killing a ladybug is considered bad luck. Regarding ladybug spots: If a ladybug lands on a recently married woman's hand, the number of dots on its back is the number of children she will have. The number of spots on a ladybug can also indicate the number of happy months that are ahead. Folklore also suggests that if you catch a ladybug in your home, you will find the same number of dollars that are on the ladybug's back.
Dragonflies are another lucky insect. As a creature of the wind, the dragonfly represents change. As a creature of the water, they represent the subconscious, or "dream" state. Other symbolic meanings associated with dragonflies are prosperity, strength, courage, peace, harmony, and purity.
Scarabs date back to Ancient Egypt, where they were considered good luck beetles. As a symbol of the rising sun and a protector from evil, the scarab is also a symbol of rebirth, regeneration, and transformation.
